Updated Join the Community section to point to website for information (#96)
carvel-dev/kbld: README.md

### Join the Community and Make Carvel Better
Carvel is better because of our contributors and maintainers. It is because of you that we can bring great software to the community.

> Please join us during our online community meetings. Details can be found on our [Carvel website](https://carvel.netlify.app/community/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please join us during our online community meetings. Details can be found on our [Carvel website](https://carvel.dev/community/).
```

Author: Updated URL
